Hey Everyone!
I hope you are getting ready to enjoy Fall Break.  I know that's all I am thinking about now!
Below is some information about our next service opportunity.  This will fulfill 3 out of the 6 required hours to become a member.  Please let me know if you have any questions.
Have a great break!
Tony Lucchesi
CSE.Scholars Community Service Chair


What: Nature Area Preservation.  We will be fixing trials and cutting down invasive species (plants that are not native to Michigan) with the Ann Arbor Park Authority.
Who: You
Why: It is fun!  Bonding, looks great on a resume... could talk about this experience during interviews... there will be food!
When: Saturday, October 23 from 9a to 12p
Where: in Ann Arbor! -- Miller Nature Area
Sign-up: Please fill out the form at the bottom of this email and sign, print and bring with you this waiver form (Click Here).  ALSO, plan to wear long pants and closed-toe shoes the day of the event (for safety).


Event Details:

Your group will be working at Miller Nature Area, doing trail work, with potential for invasive plant and shrub removal  also. Both of these activities will directly help us protect local plant species and wildflowers within this natural area! Please meet us at the Arborview Boulevard entrance, just east of Wildwood Avenue. Please refer to this MAP for more detailed directions.
 
Please make sure everyone knows to wear long pants and closed-toe shoes, since we’ll be tromping around outdoors all day. We will be outside the entire time, so please dress for the weather! We’ll provide water, tools, light snacks, and expertise- just bring your enthusiasm!
 
Please read below carefully (thanks!)…
Every individual volunteer participating in this NAP workday needs to fill out this waiver form (Click Here) before the event. This form must be completed and brought to the event for each individual (even those over 18!). For those volunteers under 18 please have a parent or guardian sign the waiver form and make sure the child brings it with them to the day of the event. We want to give you the most time to enjoy your workday and would rather not cut 10-15 minutes out of your workday by filling out waiver forms during the event! So, please remember to print them out, fill them out, and bring them to the event for each individual participating.



SIGN-UP
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/viewform?formkey=dEdsSGdQUVRfalY1Q1ZjblZZandKa2c6MQ
CSE.Scholars Nature Area Preservation
This event is held in Ann Arbor (5 min from campus) on Saturday, October 23 from 9a to 12p.  This will fulfill 3 hours of service.  

What is your name? *


What is your uniq? *


What is your phone number? *


Do you have texting? *

Yes No

Please share your thoughts



Powered by Google Docs
Report Abuse - Terms of Service - Additional Terms

If you have trouble viewing or submitting this form, you can fill it out online: 

