Who will be the Student Entrepreneur of the Year 2011? 
 
Nominate your candidate; one entrepreneur will receive a cash award. Submission deadline is December 13 at midnight.
 
The winner will be the scheduled speaker at the December 9, 2011 Entrepreneurship Hour in Stamps Auditorium at 2 p.m. Submit your nomination at: http://cfe.umich.edu/sey
 
 
Submissions must include:
1.         Must be an individual, not a group
2.         Essay must include student name, major and year (fr/soph/jr/sr)
3.         Must have started one or more companies
4.         Must currently be an undergraduate student @ U-M
5.         Must have shown tremendous success
6.         Must demonstrate strong leadership
7.         1000 word limit essay
8.          Candidates can be nominated by more than one person
9.          Nominators can submit applications for more than one candidate
 
Submission deadline is Sunday, November 13 at midnight EST. The winner will be announced on Friday, November 18 at the Entrepreneurship Hour in Stamps Auditorium.
 
Also, when things are equal we look for:
- More than one attempt at starting a business
- A social impact in addition to financial gain
- Failure is not a negative; it’s an opportunity to have learned something
 
Submit your nomination at http://cfe.umich.edu/sey
 
susan
 
 
Susan J. Hill
Center for Entrepreneurship
Meeting and Events Coordinator
University of Michigan College of Engineering
2121 Bonisteel Blvd.
251 Chrysler Center
Ann Arbor, MI 48109
734-763-1021
fax:  734-615-7028
hillsj@umich.edu
http://cfe.umich.edu
 
 
--- 
This message is an announcement from the sender to the students of the University of Michigan's College of Engineering. The sender is solely responsible for the contents of this message. This message does not necessarily represent the points of view of either the College of Engineering nor the University of Michigan. The message was sent to the group email address coe-grad-students-announce@umich.edu. To unsubscribe from this list, send email to coe-grad-students-announce-request@umich.edu with the word UNSUBSCRIBE as the SUBJECT of the message. Further mailing list inquiries may be directed to coe-email-help@umich.edu.