Hello everyone!
 
We are ready for our Fall Champagne and sparkling wine tasting this Friday November 18 as we welcome Galaxy Wines to the shop. Our flight includes two special Champagnes from houses we have not featured in quite some time. The first is Salon ($350), one of the top sought after champagnes made from all chardonnay grapes. The second is one of the most well known Champagnes, Cristal ($275) from Louis Roederer. The tasting also includes a couple of our favorite small grower champagnes from Aubry, Pierre Peters and A. Margaine This is a great chance to taste a wide selection of sparkling wines for a truly amazing price. We also offer all the wines at a nice discount for the evening. The tasting starts at 4pm and we will have wine available to pour till 9 that night. The cost for the flight of 10 wines is $30. We are able to keep the cost low due to the support our distributors give us for this event. Bring your friends and come out for one of our best tastings of the year. We have extended the hours for the tasting since we do get a large turnout for the event.
 
Our tasting with Small Vineyards is scheduled for Friday December 9. Join us once again as Kristen comes in to show us the newest selection of wines from our favorite small wineries in Italy. These wines arrive only once a year and we try to select wines to go along with the holidays. There are some great values so come out for another of our more popular tastings and stock up for your holiday parties.
 
Please note that the Port tasting has been moved to Friday December 16. The flight includes an amazing selection of several styles of Port including some older Tawny Ports and vintage Ruby Ports. It is a great time to pick up some gifts for the holidays. This is another of our more popular tastings and we are excited to welcome Doug Culver and C&G Wines back to the shop with the wines from Kopke and has the largest supplier of single vintage Tawny Ports with stocks still stored over 100 years old. We hope you make plans to attend this wonderful event.
 
We have a great selection of wines for Thanksgiving all set aside in a separate display making it easy for you to choose. All are very affordable and picking 6 bottles from our selection gets an extra 5% discount from the regular 10% discount.
 
We are supporting Small Business Saturday, a day dedicated to supporting small businesses around the country. This year it is Saturday November 26. The day is to highlight the role small businesses have in keeping a healthy economy especially for the local communities they are located in. We will be celebrating the day with a special tasting featuring some of our small local distributors pouring wine from the smaller producers in their portfolio. Doug from NW Cigars will be on hand with special deals on cigars. Special deals on wine will be available along with snacks and raffle prizes for all attending. The event starts at 1pm and we will be pouring wine until 5pm. The cost of the tasting is $5. We hope you come out to support small businesses in your community.
 
The holiday weekend next week brings 3 days of wine tasting out in wine country. It is one of two weekends each year you get a chance to go out and taste at many of the local wineries. Visit some of your old favorites or take time to discover a new one. It is a great way to support our local wine community and taste some great wine too! We have maps at the shop if you need one or stop by if you would like suggestions on where to visit.
 
We welcome your comments and feedback on anything that can help us serve you better and help us grow our business by spreading the word about Renaissance Wines to your friends, neighbors and co-workers. 
 
Enjoy and see you at the shop!  
 
Mike Plunkett
Renaissance Wines
1320 NE Orenco Station Parkway
503-615-8676
www.renaissancewines.com  
 
Find us on Facebook! Sign up to be a fan and pass it on to your friends!