Are you an engineer within two semesters of graduation, or have you already earned a bachelor's degree in engineering? Then now is your chance to join the Order of the Engineer!

The Order of the Engineer is not a membership organization; there are no meetings or dues to pay.  It is an association of engineers who have dedicated their efforts to upholding ethics and professionalism.  The Order was created to foster unity of purpose and pride in the field of engineering.

The Ring Ceremony is the public induction of candidates into the Order of the Engineer, during which the candidates formally accept the Obligation of the Engineer and receive a stainless steel ring to be worn as a symbol of this obligation on the fifth finger of the working hand.  Register by Saturday, December 3rd, 11:59PM at http://tinyurl.com/OOEf11.

Ring sizing is in the Duderstadt connector Tuesday Nov 29th and Thursday Dec 1st from 11:30AM - 3:30PM.  You may also use the ring sizer outside the UMEC office (1226 EECS) in the student organization bullpen anytime before registration close.  The only cost for the ceremony is $10 for purchasing the ring.  This may be paid by cash/check made out to "UMEC" at ring sizing or dropped off in the UMEC office (1226 EECS) in a named envelope placed in the Honors and Services drop box.

The ceremony will take place Sunday, Dec 11th from 2:00PM - 4:00PM in the Johnson Rooms on the third floor of the Lurie Engineering Center.  Food and refreshments will be available after the ceremony. 

Recap:

Who: Any engineer with a degree or within two semesters of graduation 
What: The Order of the Engineer Ring Ceremony
When: 2:00 PM, Sunday, December 11th 2011
Where: Johnson Rooms, Lurie Engineering Center
Register at  http://tinyurl.com/OOEf11 by Saturday, December 3rd!
Please email umec.has@umich.edu with any questions, comments, or concerns.  Hope to see you there!

Austen Bernardi
University of Michigan Engineering Council
Director of Honors and Services
umec.has@umich.edu

--- This message is an announcement from the sender to the students of the University of Michigan's College of Engineering. The sender is solely responsible for the contents of this message. This message does not necessarily represent the points of view of either the College of Engineering nor the University of Michigan. The message was sent to the group email address coe-grad-students-announce@umich.edu. To unsubscribe from this list, send email to coe-grad-students-announce-request@umich.edu with the word UNSUBSCRIBE as the SUBJECT of the message. Further mailing list inquiries may be directed to coe-email-help@umich.edu.